NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
ROOSEVELT: Do you know a Ms. Erin Byrne?
Yeah.
She works here.
She's one of our escorts.
ROOSEVELT:
She was found dead last night.
A warrant for your vehicle, Mr. Padilla.
ROOSEVELT:
The caller who spotted the body...
...saw a Ford pickup truck
drive away from the scene.
We found clothing fragments,
hair and blood. Running DNA now.
Nero Padilla was tough on his girls.
Kill happened in the morning.
Body was dumped last night
outside Charming.
Eli Roosevelt's turf?
Yeah.
But there may be some question
as to who he's protecting.
l'll deal with my sheriff.
You get to Stockton.
Get Morrow to sign that affidavit.
LEE: My deal's still on the table.
CLAY: You really think seeing
how you destroyed one of my brothers...
...is gonna scare me?
LEE: It should.
CLAY: No more, brother.
[LEE GROANING]
You need to get out of guns.
Running guns doesn't sound much
like a Pope Industries venture.
Sounds like something
Marks Incorporated might handle.
Hook me up with the Irish gun distribution,
l'll consider Trager's debt paid.
These go back before you were married.
Yeah.
And you'd testify about the violence?
Yes.
Did you talk to Gemma?
Yeah, told her everything you wanted me to.
She wants me to keep feeding her your dirt.
Uh, sorry.
We can't take any more KG-9s, Galen.
I already told you that.
Don't have to take them, just pay for them.
You're not getting out of guns.
[GRUNTING]
I will let you know if and when
we need more guns.
Until then, hands off my club.
Aye, hands off.
[ALT-J'S "TESSELLATE" PLAYING]
Bite chunks out of me
You're a shark and I ’m swimming
My heart still thumps as I bleed
And all your friends come snifﬁng
Triangles are my favorite shape
Three points where two lines meet
Toe to toe, back to back
Let's go, my love
It's very late
'Ti/ morning comes
Let's tesseI/ate
Go alone, my flower
[LOCK BUZZES]
Go alone
My flower
And keep my whole
Lovely you
Wild green stones alone
My lover
And keep us on
My heart
Three guns and one goes off
One's empty, one's not quick enough
One burn, one red, one grin
Search the graves While the camera spins
Chunks of you will sink down to sea/s
Blubber rich in mourning
They'll nosh you up
Yes, they'll nosh the love away
But it's fair to say
You will still haunt me
Triangles are my favorite shape
Three points where two lines meet
Toe to toe, back to back
Let's go my love
It's very late
'Ti/ morning comes
[CELL PHONE BUZZING]
Let's tessel/ate
Yeah.
Place is closed.
No Galen, no Connor. Anything there?
Nothing.
You think Sambel got us good intel?
Right now it’s all we got. Stick with it.
Yeah. I'll check in with Chibs.
All right.
Get some sleep, boss.
I'm good.
Okay. You good?
Yeah.
You all right?
Mm-hm.
[MIZ'S "DOPESICK BLUES"
PLAYING ON RADIO]
GEMMA:
How we doing on food?
We have enough to get us through
tomorrow. We need beer and soda.
Somebody told me once
You'll never leave me
Hey, Nubs.
Otto loved you.
You wouldn't be here if he didn't.
He saved my life inside.
Remember that.
More coffee.
We got something.
I'm gonna get you close.
HAPPY: Okay.
Cut the engine. Hands on the wheel.
Get out of the car.
What's your partner doing inside?
He's taking a shit.
Why don't you go in and wipe his ass?
[G RU NTS]
All right, get his friend's attention.
[HORN HONKING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
JAX:
Come here. Come here!
[GRUNTING]
[YELLS]
Don't move.
Where we going?
Taking a little trip?
[WHISTLES]
This looks a little above your pay grade.
This Galen's shit?
I don't know.
Get up!
Unh!
Look, I know you're just doing yourjob...
...but we don't need to make this
any bloodier than it needs to be.
Just tell me where Galen and Connor are.
I got no idea.
Really?
[SCREAMING]
Any ideas coming to you?
[GRUNTING]
[GROANING]
How about now?
[YELLING INDISTINCTLY]
What did you say?
It's Connor's bag.
We're picking him up.
And where's Galen?
He's gone. He left yesterday.
Where are you picking up Connor?
We've got a beverage warehouse in Lodi.
Write down the address.
I hope you're not a lefty.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
Riding through this world
All alone
God takes your soul
You're on your own
The crow flies straight
A perfect line
On the devil's path
Until you die
Gotta look this life
In the eye
They said they're picking up Connor
at a beverage supply house in Lodi, 2:00.
Galen split, they don't know where.
You believe them?
I don't know.
We show up in their SUV...
...try to lure Connor out.
I'll contact Belfast, see if they know
where the supply house is.
I gotta go deal with
this Diosa shit in Stockton.
Pick me up at Colette's at 1.
Done.
All right.
Bring the Irish Suburban and the van.
Who's with Tara today?
Shit.
Get one of the Tacoma guys
to come watch them. Rat!
You're with me.
Lieutenant Roosevelt. San Joaquin
District Attorney Tyne Patterson.
Yes, ma'am. I know. How can I help you?
Any progress on the murder of Erin Byrne?
Got some leads, nothing solid.
Does it mean something to you?
Yes, it does.
Is there somewhere we can talk?
Yes, of course. This way.
How did your interview go
with Nero Padilla?
Oh, well, his alibi checked out,
so I released him.
We did find blood and fibers in his truck.
We're waiting on lab results.
That feels pretty solid to me.
I should have the lab results back today.
What about the fire at the Gerbers' ranch?
CSU reports listed cases of KG-9s.
Ah, heh.
This is about Padilla and the Sons.
My special investigator believed
Ms. Byrne could tie the Byzlats...
...and the Sons of Anarchy to the gun that
was used in the Count of Aquino shooting.
Lee Toric was killed by Otto Delaney
two days ago in Stockton.
You think it was a hit?
If it was, Delaney won't be able to tell us.
But I am hoping that Tara Knowles
might be able to shed some light.
She's being prosecuted by my office
for her part in the murder of Toric's sister.
I know. I brought her in.
We need to find a bad guy,
lieutenant.
Someone, some crew, has got to take the
blame for the murder of these four children.
Yes, ma'am,
but Tara Knowles isn't the bad guy.
In my book, she's bad
until she does something good.
What do you need from me?
You put in time on the task force
during the Sons' RICO investigation.
Some. I was more like
the errand boy.
Well, your first errand for me
will be to dig into Padilla.
Friends, enemies--
Use him to find a way into the MC.
Yes.
And I'll get to know Dr. Knowles.
Maybe motivate her to do a good deed.
[MATI ZUNDEL'S "LA MONTANA EN EL MEDIO
DEL MUNDO" PLAYING ON RADIO]
[MUSIC STOPS]
NERO:
How long does this, uh, Iockdown last?
Ah. I'm not sure.
Jax is into it with the Irish.
Can't be good for business.
We just tell them we're remodeling.
Where's everyone else?
JAX:
On the job.
And alive?
I'm not starting a war, Morn.
No more bodies, Jackson.
Please.
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
JAX: You ready?
Yep.
Sorry, just give me a minute.
Hey.
Hi.
You sleep?
Not much.
The boys okay?
Iguess.
I gotta get out of here, Jax.
She scares me.
What happened?
Nothing, yet.
But she still thinks I'm trying to take
the boys away from her, doesn't trust me.
Vibes me.
Don't say anything.
It's just too much anxiety
in my first trimester.
What do you want me to do?
I don't know.
I asked Margaret
if I could use my old office.
I'm gonna go and talk to Lowen.
Okay, I'll send Rat with you.
If you need anything just let him know.
I don't want you alone.
All right.
Okay.
Where my 40, homes?
Just get in the car, scooter boy.
Later.
[ENGINE REVS]
Need anything, sweetheart?
No, I'm good, thank you.
You guys have been doing
a lot of remodeling.
So where you at with the Irish?
Thought you didn't want to know
about my other business.
You're kidding me, right?
You gave my guy a gun and his old lady's
kid used it to wipe out a whole classroom.
You putting that on me?
I'm putting it on both of us.
I'm part of your other business right now.
Whether I want it or not.
Look, Diosa is my priority.
This partnership, this is the thing
that is gonna end the violence.
Killing your guys, that's the Irish
pissed about you moving off guns?
Yeah.
[SCOFFS]
And it might get worse
before it gets better.
You think they had anything to do
with our girl getting killed?
No, if they wanted to kill someone close,
it would've been family.
That's comforting.
Look, I know it's messy right now,
but I promise I am gonna make this work.
Look, you don't have to believe me.
Just don't bail on me. Let me prove it.
I'm just looking for
a little disclosure, ese.
You know, you don't have to give me
no details, just tell me when to duck.
All right, fair enough.
I'll let you know.
Plus I'm letting you tap my mom.
That's gotta be worth something.
Ouch.
I'm gonna pretend
I didn't even hear that.
Uh, excuse me.
I'll show you
around.
How's the inspection going?
It's okay, I think.
Can't really get a read on the guy.
What'd you tell him about the bedrooms?
Hey, her name's on the lease.
She lives here, works here.
I have a big family.
Come on, Inspector Orlo's
gotta meet the partners.
Something I can help you with?
I don't think so.
What station you out of, sheriff?
Now, that's not your concern.
Charlie Barosky, Stockton P.D.,
detective first class. Retired.
That was mandatory retirement,
wasn't it, Charlie?
Either that or prosecution.
Tomato, tomato.
Why you watching the house?
Well, I'm not at liberty
to discuss the case.
That hush-hush, huh?
Mm-hm.
Tell you what,
I'll call a few friends down to help.
You won't mind telling Captain Ensor
why you're staking out his jurisdiction.
Mm.
You know, I've seen all I need.
[MELLOW POP MUSIC
PLAYING QUIETLY ON RADIO]
Excuse me,
I'll be right back.
You say my name
Ooh
Either one of you know
a thick black sheriff?
Yeah, why?
He was outside watching this house.
What, here?
Yep, Ijust shooed him away.
Wanna tell me why?
Come on.
The girl that that got killed, dumped
outside Charming, she was one of ours.
And my pre-Chino résumé
made me their first stop.
They got a tail on you,
you may be their last stop as well.
No, man, the sheriff's just flexing.
He ain't a real threat.
He's on your payroll?
No, but we have an understanding.
You got shit
unless he's counting your cash.
It's my problem.
You see where you're standing.
Now it's my problem too.
I maintain a delicate balance
in this neighborhood.
I fund particular parties,
I keep crime and profiles low.
NERO:
I know, I know, I got it.
Shit, I gotta go.
Look, I hear what you're saying.
But right now
I got my own balances to maintain.
NERO: Why don't you and Colette
stop by Diosa this afternoon?
We'll show you the whole operation.
Put your mind at ease.
JAX:
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Bye. Thanks.
Yeah.
Hope you know
what you're doing, ese.
Yeah, try to-- Oh, watch it. Heh.
Oh! Ow.
Thanks.Bye.
Wait. Ho, ho, ho. Ugh.
Hey, you shouldn't be exerting yourself.
Uh, heh.
I get a little carried away with this one.
Sit down.
Oh, no, I'm okay.
Sit.
Ah.
Come on.
Let me just take a look.
s[GROANS]
Well, doesn't look like
you pulled the stitches.
Thanks.
It's good.
That, uh, little coven I walked in on
the other day.
Not sure what was going on...
...but I got the impression it was all
very hush-hush.
Pretty obvious you didn't want
the queen to be privy.
Exit strategy?
It's best you don't know, Wayne.
Do you need my help?
If I said yes?
Then I'd say I'm gonna need
to know all the facts.
The cop in me.
It's an offer.
Think it over.
Hey there, buddy.
Let's get going again.
All right, easy this time.
TIG:
Juice, we're in position.
We got two out front.
Back is quiet.
Okay, stay put. All right.
Here we go.
No, there's nothing much.
Hugh and Neil just got here.
All right, I'm on my way now.
What do you think? Should we go in?
No, wait here. Let him come to us.
I'm on it,
don't worry about it.
Samcro!
Shit.
[TYLER BRYANT & THE SHAKEDOWN'S
"HOUSE ON FIRE" PLAYING]
Samcro!
The engines are humming
Everybody’s screaming and running
To get a taste of the madness
Nothing to lose
Ain’t waiting to move
Get Connor! Hey, we need him alive!
Come on, come on
Give trouble just a little kiss
Put your money where your mouth is
We 're gonna set the house on ﬁre tonight
Christ!
Jax said alive.
Aah!
I’ll be shooting like a pistol in a knife ﬁght
That's right
HAPPY:
He's around that corner.
We 're gonna set the house on ﬁre tonight
We 're gonna set the house on ﬁre
Tonight
TIG:
Let's get him.
Nice driving.
Thank you.
HAPPY: Come on.
TIG: Get up, get up.
[CONNOR COUGHING]
CHIBS:
Jesus.
Another fine Irishman
brought down by the bottle.
TIG:
Jax.Jax.
Found our guns, man.
There are AKs and Glocks stored
in a storage room back there.
Okay, put him with the guns.
CHIBS:
Guy that got away....
You know he's reached out
to Galen by now.
I know.
Let's bring him to the Wahewa.
Get him to connect us to the Kings.
Guns too?
No, leave them.
A peace offering.
With a dead body on top?
They still come out ahead.
Aye.
All right, you and Juicey head to T-M.
We need bodies.
I'm gonna reach out to Bobby.
Tell him we need Jury's crew.
No.
See if San Bernardino is still in town.
If not, get Rogue River.
Yeah, okay.
Need anything, Tyson?
Not today.
How about you, friend?
Yeah, maybe.
I think you'll like this one.
It gets real good around page 47.
Okay.
Thanks.
Find his phone.
Take off the gag.
Come on, Con.
[COUGHING]
How do I call the Kings?
I'm pretty sure the number's not listed.
Stop it. Enough.
Hey, look at me.
Me reaching out is about making peace.
I have every intention of putting you
on a flight back to Belfast.
Letting you give that little bracelet
to whoever's supposed to get it.
Come on, Con. No more blood.
JAX:
Come on, Connor.
In my texts.
From Dungloe Imports.
There's burner numbers there.
[CELL PHONE BEEPING]
I'm gonna make sure this is real.
Try to leverage your boyhood memories,
find out where Galen went.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Connor.
JAX: No, it's Jax Tel/er.
Jackson.
It's Brendan Roarke.
How'd you get this number?
From Malone. He's here with me now.
What is it you want?
It's what I don't want. War.
Me reaching out to you directly,
forgive the boldness of that...
...but I already had two men killed.
I don ’t want any more.
We're hearing about
a couple incidents today.
Men killed. Others taken.
Apparently for their phone numbers.
I needed to get your attention.
Kidnapping gets our attention.
Just like Galen slaughtering
two of my crew got mine.
We killed one of your men
at the beer warehouse.
I’m sorry. That couldn't be helped.
Other two are here with Connor.
And what happens to them now?
I let all of them go
as soon as I get assurances.
We 're listening.
I told Galen why we need out of guns.
Fed heat is gonna hurt all of us
if we don 't cut ties.
I offered him distribution, to keep the north,
and new business down south.
And he told the council that
both those things were false promises.
And that you delivered that betrayal
with a good dose of blasphemy.
I didn't break my promise.
I needed time to make it work.
Galen doesn't want to make it work.
Why's that?
Galen and Clay
go back more than 20 years.
They've done deals off the books...
...shit that neither
of our organizations know about.
They got secrets to protect.
That's a weighty accusation.
I'm not accusing anyone,
I'm just giving you the facts.
Galen hates that
I'm at the head of the table now.
He is undermining your cause
to hurt me and my club.
So, what's the truth, then?
Clay's an unreliable source.
His days in Stockton are numbered.
But I got someone real.
August Marks, heir to Damon Pope.
He wants to distribute.
Pope built his empire on heroin.
We don't like those kind of associations.
Come on, Roarke, let's be honest.
We know it's not the drugs
you have a problem with.
You guys have a thing about partners
of a different shade.
But Marks can triple your buyers,
distribute anywhere in Northern Cali.
He'll be good for the cause.
I'll need to talk to the others.
I'll call you on this phone
when we've made a decision.
Okay.
We've lost four distributors
in six cities in the last year.
We cannot afford to lose Northern California.
We won't.
Teller'sjust like his old man.
Weak, lost, loyalties in the wrong place.
Spics and now the niggers?
Marks won't triple our business.
He'll just use us to set up his network,
then dump us for a local cheaper source.
Shit players, all of them.
Clay Morrow is still our connection
to Northern Cali.
Is there anything we should know
about you and Morrow?
Any deal I've made with Clay
has fed this table.
I got no secrets from you.
Can Clay get the job done inside?
He won't be in for long.
I've already set up other protection
and transport here.
Our deal with Clay will be
locked down by the end of the day.
Our history with the Sons of Anarchy
has come to an end.
And Teller?
He gets what he wants. Out of guns.
And ties severed.
Should read everything.
Okay.
Excuse me. We're looking for Wendy Case.
Right down the hall, to the left.
Thanks.
Shit.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
WENDY: Come in.
Hey.
Hi.
Sorry to bug you at work.
I, uh-- I'll wait in the car.
GEMMA:
Yeah, okay.
Just my bodyguard.
What's going on?
We're on Iockdown.
What now?
Irish.
Killed a couple of our guys.
Phil, the big one, and a prospect.
Jesus. IRA?
Well, what the hell does that mean now?
Well, it ain't good.
And I'm thinking that this is gonna
send Tara's exit strategy into high gear.
You hear anything?
No, not since the other day.
What are you gonna do, Gemma?
About Tara?
You're gonna bring me a copy of that will.
And then I'm gonna show Jax
just what she's up to.
He has no idea?
No.
He's neck deep in club shit.
Tara making this move behind his back,
it's gonna rip him apart.
I'm not gonna-- I'm not gonna
say anything unless I have proof.
Yeah.
Okay.
Right.
Oh, hey, I, uh....
I was cleaning out some drawers
and I found copies of these.
Abel's baby pictures.
I figured you probably didn't have any.
Thanks. Heh.
I should be going.
Hey, Gemma, why are you doing this?
Letting me in?
All this push-and-pull with Tara.
I hate it.
I just want the family to be right.
I don't know. I've just been thinking about
how it was before she showed up.
I loved you, Wendy. A lot.
You were a good fit for Jax.
It should have worked.
You let the junk shit all over that.
I know.
You just keep doing what you're doing.
JUICE:
What?
Yeah.
I'll let everybody know.
All right.
Hey, Rogue River's
on their way down now.
Okay, good. Hap's with the Irish.
We should hear something,
hopefully from the Kings, soon.
How's things going here?
TIG: Fine.
Tara and Rat are at the hospital.
Gemma and Unser went somewhere.
All right. I got to go to Diosa,
meet Colette and Barosky.
See you later.
Hey, uh, Ijust got off with Clay's lawyer.
He set up a conjugal
between Clay and Gemma.
CHIBS: Wow.
Ah.
JAX: When?
Now. He's waiting.
He said to tell Gemma to bring 500 cash.
Bought himself a cell.
What the hell does that mean?
That means the state cannot
wire a conjugal.
And you have to do it
with your spouse.
Clay needs to tell us something.
Yeah?
And who's gonna tell her?
Sounds like a job for a loving son to me.
Yeah.
Chibs.
Aye, I'll back you up.
Here.
Give me a minute?
Yeah.
Something I should know, sheriff?
I get a little anxious when I know that
I'm being followed by law enforcement.
Let's just call it curiosity.
No, let's just call it you up my ass
over a murder I had nothing to do with.
Either charge me so that I can engage
proper legal counsel, or back off.
Why do you think it was you
that I was following?
The San Joa DA knows that Samcro
is connected to the KG-9...
...that was used in the Aquino shooting.
So all this curiosity is about the MC,
not about Erin's murder?
Well, now, that depends
on the DNA results.
And I should have those back
in a few hours.
Shit.
You wanna follow me, sheriff,
I'll make it easy.
I'll be at Diosa most of the afternoon,
then probably head over to T-M.
Maybe make a stop along the way...
...buy a pack of gum, kill a hooker or two.
You know, just another day.
Lee Toric's murder hurts our case.
How? I mean, itjust proves that Otto
is a psychopath.
Just the opposite.
I found out Toric was on the DA's payroll.
Helping her look for leads
in that school shooting.
You think he was going after
the MC for that?
I think the marshal is looking for anything,
any way to hurt the Sons.
Christ. If he was, Otto killing Toric
looks like an organized move.
Yes, argues against him acting alone
in the sister's murder.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah.
How do you use those things?
Shﬂ,hey,hey.
She blew right past me.
I need to talk to you. Alone.
I got it.
I'll grab a coffee.
I'd like a coffee too.
Yeah, all right.
You can't come here without calling.
That guy will tell Jax you were here.
I can't do this anymore.
What are you talking about?
I can't keep doing this.
I can't keep lying to everyone.
I know this is hard for you.
I know it rubs against the way you're trying
to live, but you need to think big picture.
Greater good.
I am starting to lose sight of that.
We have to get Thomas and Abel
away from the club.
Away from Gemma.
There's gotta be another way.
There's not.
I'm going to jail, Wendy.
I have to face that reality.
And the only way I can do that
is to know that my son...
.uyourson”.
...is out of danger.
I need you to take care of them.
My son?
Yeah, your son.
[SIGHS]
I can't do this without you.
Please.
[SNIFFLES THEN SIGHS]
I wanna spend time with Abel.
I don't care what you have to tell him.
Okay.
We can do that.
Soon. Okay?
Mm-hm.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gemma Teller-Morrow for Clay Morrow.
Hold that.
You bought yourself two minutes.
[LOCK BUZZES]
What do you wanna tell me?
The Irish reached out to me.
What the hell's been going on?
Galen killed Phil and V-Lin
two days ago.
Chopped them into pieces.
Jesus Christ.
Jax is trying to broker a peace.
We can't afford to go to war.
Jax offered distribution to Pope's guy.
Wants to back the MC out of guns.
What?
Why would he do that?
Well, that's a question for your son,
isn't it?
Micks don't like working with color.
They don't trust any skin
they can't see through.
Galen let me know that the offer for me
to be the distributor's still on the table.
They wanna spring me out of here.
Take down the transport that's
bringing me to my hearing in two weeks.
Shit.
What then?
I go underground, I put together a crew.
I go to Northern Ireland
and I run the whole thing from Belfast.
What does that mean for the club?
It means the Kings don't like the offer.
They're setting up alternatives.
They're gonna shut the MC out.
This ain't good.
Ask Jax what he wants me to do.
Okay.
We're done here.
No, we're not.
Conjugal's a conjugal, Morrow.
Man, you got paid. Let her go.
GUARD 1:
Money was for the chat.
Us watching is payment for the visit.
So let's get to it.
That ain't gonna happen, pig.
[G RU NTS]
This goes down one of two ways.
We watch while you tap that MILF ass...
...or I watch while Crane does it.
Either way, I get off.
Okay, then.
You touch her,
I'll cut your goddamn heart out.
[G RU NTS]
Okay.
No.
Come on.
Kiss him.
Undress.
I wanna see those tits.
I'm so sorry.
I'm gonna kill both of them.
No, you're not.
Jax needs you.
You're no good to us in the hole.
Or dead.
[LOCK BUZZES]
You talk, he dies.
Okay, sweetheart?
Just get me out of here.
I know. We bring some heat with us
right now.
Some? I did some digging, kid.
The San Joa DA's got a hard-on for your MC
and your little merry band of bangers.
She's trying to tie you both
into the school shooting.
Take it easy. There is nothing to tie.
What's this have to do with my house--?
Just shut up a second, let me finish.
JAX: Hey!
She's not one of your street whores.
BAROSKY: She's not one of yours either.
Stop it.
All right, enough.
This DA is the one
that's pushing our sheriff at me.
I did a little digging too.
Roosevelt's following me,
looking for a bad move...
...it means they ain't got dick.
I know Patterson.
She's not the kind of broad just throws
shit against the wall, hopes it sticks.
[R&B MUSIC PLAYING QUIETLY ON RADIO]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Okay, look.
If we stopped doing business
every time the PD. liked us for a crime...
...we'd never earn a dime.
Let us move fonNard with Colette.
If this DA's case heats up,
we'll pull out of Stockton.
Look, I need these guys, Charlie.
Yeah, I can see that.
Okay, but hear this.
This better not blow back in my face.
Let's go.
Hey. I'll be right back.
Hey.
Who's the blond?
New whore partner.
You talk to Clay?
Yeah.
|'|| fill you in.
Kitchen.
All right.
What can I make you, sweetheart?
Three hours younger.
So, what did Clay say?
Are you out of your mind?
Offering Kings black as a partner?
Jesus Christ.
Why don't you just ask
if you can rape their mothers?
Same level of offense.
Do you wanna tell me what Clay said?
Told Gemma the Kings reached out.
And they want him to run point
on distribution.
Oh, shit.
Aye.
Shit.
You cannot run this club on your own.
August made the offer.
I didn't say yes or no. |--
I floated it to the Irish as an option.
Behind my back.
I could've told you
how deep this hatred runs.
Do you trust me, Jackie?
Do you trust any of us?
Because it's not just your club.
It might not be anyone's club
for much longer.
You mind if I stay for this one?
Don't give up Clay.
He may be our only way into them.
All right.
[LINE RINGING]
ROARKE: Yes?
It's Jax.
Just wondering
if you've made a decision.
I was just about to phone you up, Jackson.
We're very close.
Still need to discuss it with a few people.
It's what, 6:00 there?
Yeah, just about.
We'll give you a call at 8:00, your time.
Don 't use that phone anymore.
It's traceable by now.
Still keep burners at the clubhouse?
Yeah.
[7/ text you the number.
We'll give you our answer and conditions.
You'll need to vote on them right away.
We 7/ want to know how to move forward.
I'll make sure I've got a full table.
Aye, until then.
Maybe their greed's
trumping their racism.
Well, that will be a first, Jackie boy.
[MELLOW POP MUSIC PLAYING
QUIETLY ON RADIO]
GEMMA:
New partner's very cute.
Blonds ain't my thing.
You okay?
Yeah.
Just really tired.
You mind driving me back to T-M?
Sure.
Every time I see your face
I gotta tell you something.
Okay.
I just wanna melt with you
Anytime you change, change
Yeah?
With you
What's going on, Gem?
Every time I see your smile
I just wanna melt with you
I don't wanna keep things from you.
I just wanna melt
DNA from Padilla's truck.
Hmm.
Find him and I'll meet you outside.
I brought everyone up to speed.
Okay.
Thank you.
We're all here for you.
My brother.
I know.
[THE CIVIL WARS' "I HAD ME A GIRL"
PLAYING]
[had me a girl
Who taught me those things
A young man Should know
Down, down on my knees
I’d beg and I'd plead
To learn a little bit more
Oh, that woman taught me to pray
I saw heaven every day
Lord, She could
Ooh
[THOMAS CRYING]
Oh, I had me a boy
Who buttoned me down
Drew me a line
Ooh, he, he washed me as clean
As a Sinner could be
Showed me the light
Ooh, that boy, he taught me to pray
But for all of his Spit-shinin’ ways
You gonna be okay with this?
I'm trying.
Promise you won't take it to Jax.
Not now.
[SIREN CHIRPS]
What the hell is Sheriff Remus
doing here?
Oh, shit.
[MEN CHATTERING]
Hey, I'll go see.
Thank you.
ROOSEVELT:
Give me a minute with him.
JAX:
What time is it?
Two minutes to 8.
All right, everyone to the table.
Let's take this call.
CHIBS: Okay.
Like cigarette smoke
Table, boys.
Hey, Chucky.
You know where this pen came from?
Yeah, it's a shamrock pen.
Delivery guy left it a few hours ago.
What delivery?
Been
Gemma must've ordered it.
Eight o'clock.
Full table for the vote.
Everyone out now!
[ALL SHOUTING]
JAX:
Get out. Get out.
Come on, get out!
What's going on?
No, no, no, Abel's in the room.
I got him. Get her out.
Oh, ooh, oh
Come on.
Get out! Jackie!
Clear, clear, clear.
Come on.
Oh, ooh, oh
Ooh, oh, oh
Oh
Oh, ooh, oh
[THOMAS CRYING]